This is the code I used for my internship to find events between LEOS

Within the CCSDS and Space Assigned Numbers Authority (SANA), spacecraft are assigned Spacecraft IDs (SCIDs), an 8-bit number that makes it unique. These IDs are used during uplink and downlink from the satellite to Earth or satellites to one another and vice versa. They differentiate the data sent from each satellite so they can be sorted and sent to their respective organization and ensure that the correct data or instructions is sent to the correct spacecraft. When these numbers were created as 8-bit, there were only 256 different numbers created, people did not expect there to be more than 256 satellites in orbit. However, as we continue to modernize, the number of satellites exceeds the amount of SCIDs available.
A possible solution to this problem is to reuse some of the SCIDs. For instance, two satellites can share the same SCID for downlink and uplink and then the data can be further sorted into each section after. However, to prevent confusion or interference in communication links, it is required that they are guaranteed not to cross paths. If an antenna were to uplink data to the wrong satellite, there could be very harmful consequences such as changing the desired path and interfering with the mission. Likewise, an incorrect downlink may create confusion within the data sets and create inaccurate results.
My task is to see which LEO satellites were compatible with one another, meaning they would not cross paths and therefore may be able to share the same SCID. I was given 3 large data sheets from my contact at the Goonhilly station, each representing the data from an antenna: Ascension Island, Goonhilly, and Svalbard stations. Each data sheet contains the tracking of many satellites’ degrees of elevation and azimuth in regard to the antenna. Azimuth describes the direction the satellite is in relative to the antenna and elevation is how high up it is in the atmosphere.

This code is for MATLAB
